Again, we've seen the Fuji method and the Starr method to answer situational questions and to build
relationships with your interviewers.
Now, we will see.
We will talk about the Six Sigma method.
Now, Six Sigma is an industrial method that has been used highly effectively to streamline processes
and to solve complex problems in the best way possible.
So that's it.
What is the Six Sigma meant that the Six Sigma method is of two kinds.
If you have an existing process, then you would use the make method, which is define, measure, analyze,
improve and control.
And if nothing exists and you're designing something new or you're creating something new, then you
would use the died of method, which is did0v, which is define, identify, design, optimize and verify.
How can you use this to answer situational questions?
Now, if someone talks about wants you to talk about a task that you accomplish successfully, then
you can think about it in the Six Sigma way.
You can think about how you define the problem, what you do, how you define the issue, what you did
to identify the root cause of the problem.
Then what you did, the design stage, the idea the design stage would would involve you talking about
what you did.
To solve that problem that you identify.
And then what you did to optimize your solution, how many iterations you went through and what you
did to solve it in the most efficient way possible.
The fee part would be verified which which is about showing someone verification and validation of your
process, which means you're showing someone that it's verified to be the most efficient way to deal
with this problem.
So when an interviewer asks you, for example, tell me how you optimize this is from a previous video
where I talked about a financial planner, for example, that overhauled a payroll system and saved
the company hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Fictional example.
But let's see how we can approach it in the Six Sigma way.
The root cause and the ID of the problem is that the company is bleeding money.
Why?
Because there are hundreds of thousands of dollars left on the table.
Because a process is not efficient.
What process is that?
The payroll process.
Now, the definition, the defined part of the data of approach in Six Sigma would be to say that the
company could be doing better because hundreds of thousands of dollars are being wasted.
Why are they wasted?
Because the payroll process is not efficient.
So then the design stage would be what this person did to to stop that wastage, stop that bleeding
of money, that is.
And what the person did to overhaul the payroll system.
And then the optimize would be how they managed to actually create a robust enough process where so
much money is not being wasted.
And then the verify would be to show the upper management that they actually designed a process that
was absolutely robust.
It was the best one possible, and it saved the company $100,000 or hundreds of thousands of dollars
using its implementation.
And this money could be used towards other things or to improve the company, improve the workplace,
things like that.
So that's a simple example.
But think of what method you would want to use to answer situational questions, whether you're using
the star method or the Six Sigma method, and think about keeping it consistent and.
Try to formulate at least three or four different responses.
Three or four.
Think of three or four different situations that you can explain away using Star Method or the Six Sigma
method.
Because if a situational question comes up in an interview, then you will be prepared for it.
Thank you very much.
And the next few videos.
The rest of this masterclass is about targeting one question in each video and seeing how best to respond
to some of the most difficult interview questions.
Thank you so much for being part of this masterclass and I look forward to having you in the next one
as well.